this this all started after I started
smoking pot once my brother came to
California and introduced me to the
wonders of marijuana when I schooling
when took down the shitter can we play
it like a little fucking song oh yeah
yeah which is the one we not to be it
not one we always do we need a nice pots
song for Anthony because I just heard
music when you just said that it was
when I discovered pot him and I use a
key the we the Weed Man
and I was so against like pot there you
go yeah wait start over I still a little
fucking the producing here today alright
to go back a little bit gone when I
discovered yeah I was I was against pot
yeah and I knew my brother was smoking
it with the neighbors yeah the the
Allman family that lived next door from
us oh my oh my mother used to say don't
go near the almonds house because she
know they smoked weed and everything oh
my goodness what's going on they're
dancing they're doing a Soul Train dance
thing on this fella I know I'm waiting
so my brother would go over there and
smoke the weed and I was like oh my god
I'm telling mom tell me mom my brother
be like don't be a faggot I told mom I
was a faggot so I went out to California
and still totally against weed
especially the upbringing then it was my
father very strict and and very
equestrian you know if you were cowboy
people that smoke pots whoo they were
the hippies and shit like that and you
weren't a student right not a but yeah
you were really into I love science was
fuckin like Mike my passion was science
like chemistry sets microscopes model
rocketry I was just into like all
science light love math every what
getting your learner shit like that I
was getting my learn on yo yeah
and then my mother could not take my
brother out there anymore now I was gone
and I think that helped my mother out
like me being there and then when my
brother just started completely fuckin
up she shipped his ass out to California
that my father the responsible one he
was going to wit my brother into shape
all it ended up doing was my brother now
smoking
really good pot from California and me
starting to smoke it because I found it
in my model rocket in the nose cone of
my model rock a bunch of joints and Joe
talked about it and Joe always just
looked so relaxed and mellow I was this
tense fucking mess of a child I cry at
the drop of a hat
hi Jake I get palpitations in fucking
sixth grade I'm just freaking out all
the time and he's like I'm I really just
like what's of it what did my brother be
like what's the prob Anthony what's
what's the fucking problem
there's dude there's no fucking problem
my grades are not dad's drunk again and
we're driving and I'm afraid we're gonna
go off the cliff on the Ortega Highway
I'm just miss petrified of everything we
didn't need last night because that
hasn't had a job in three months yet he
has eight tall boys you know it would
have been nice to get a sandwich dad
there are times you didn't eat oh and
then and there's bad in my house I think
we always had food the worst thing was
my stomach growling like a motherfucker
and my father gone get in the back of
the pickup we got to go feed the horses
and then I'm starving
throwing flakes of hay into the horse
corrals and watching them you lucky
fucking horse eat right the horse is
eating meanwhile the horse's ass is
hungry crying fucking ass so I was just
like you know I was so wound up yeah
that spring was just right and and then
you know of course also I just had like
skin problems that was so bad so it
wasn't even like I could just go well
screw this I'll get a girlfriend or
something like that and I had to be
extra nice and put the smile on it be
the fun guy even though I just was
fucking I was ready to explode with just
resentment and just you know I I fucking
wanted more out of life than what was
going on there were you overcompensating
you think cause you're insecure Oh
completely I was the nicest kid with
just anger brewing inside me and just
like sadness and depression resentment
like everything and just nervous
I was like a chihuahua is he a chihuahua
when new people come in the house and
the justice and they're shaking that was
me horrible
and then there was Joe don't sweat it am
what are you doing it's your problem I
got things to do what what oh my god
he's stoned I guess so I found one of
his joints went out to the riverbed
there and and decided I'm just gonna try
this out by yourself by myself because I
didn't want it if I if I told my brother
it was gonna be like a thing right I
didn't want it to be a thing you just
wanted to get it over with I just wanted
to see what this fucking pot was all
about so I went into a little pump house
that was there in the in the riverbed
and shut the door and smoked an entire
joint of sense it was great it's tasted
good it was kind of fun to do by myself
smells great so um you knew how much to
smoke no I I heard all I heard was you
never get high the first time you smoked
so I assumed I'll do I'll smoke twice
then now I'll smoke half the joint there
that's my first time now I'm gonna smoke
the other half there's my second time I
smoked the entire thing Jesus and I was
sitting down in a very dark place so I
didn't notice you know a lot of your
sensory perception is just deadened by
the darkness there was no real sound in
there it smelt like just a musty water
pump station and I couldn't say it was
dark and I've said this before I opened
the door after I smoke this joint and my
life had changed that was over Johnny
that Jimi music thank you my life had
changed the first thought I had was a
Dorothy after the tornado
stepping out of the black and white
house into colorful Oz because I just
saw like it was black in there and I
just saw a riverbed the river was
running there was bamboos green like I'd
never seen it in my life
hills of green grass and and I heard
every sound the river you could hear a
battle in a brook over the over the
rocks and and I heard the wind blow in
the bamboo shoots together and I looked
around I looked up and around and I